index.md, before:

---
layout: home
permalink: /
image:
  feature: Helsinki_Waterfront.jpg
share: true
title: Fastah™ - A smartphone internet accelerator for your iPhone
excerpt: Fastah™ - A smartphone internet accelerator for your iPhone
---

<div class="tiles">

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">One Touch App Controls</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">Manage mobile data usage by your apps at the touch of a button.
</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">Personalized App Insights</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">What apps use the most data on your smartphone? Turn them on or off with ease, for cellular or WiFi. Fastah adapts itself to your online apps and activities to give you the right controls at the right time.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">Save Data and Money</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">Do you overpay for your mobile data every month? Avoid blowing your data limits with Fastah's intelligent data controls, thereby saving money.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
<h2 class="post-title">Notifications</h2>
<p class="post-excerpt">Is Instagram going to blow your data cap this month? Get notified in advance, and stay in control.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

</div><!-- /.tiles -->

Commit message:

Removed title, and added "what it does" at the top of the page

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
permalink: /
image:
  feature: Helsinki_Waterfront.jpg
share: true
title:
excerpt: Fastah™ - A data manager for your smartphone.
---
<h1 align="center">What it Does</h1>

<div class="tiles">

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">One Touch App Controls</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">Manage mobile data usage by your apps at the touch of a button.
</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">Personalized App Insights</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">What apps use the most data on your smartphone? Turn them on or off with ease, for cellular or WiFi. Fastah adapts itself to your online apps and activities to give you the right controls at the right time.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
  <h2 class="post-title">Save Data and Money</h2>
  <p class="post-excerpt">Do you overpay for your mobile data every month? Avoid blowing your data limits with Fastah's intelligent data controls, thereby saving money.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

<div class="tile">
<h2 class="post-title">Notifications</h2>
<p class="post-excerpt">Is Instagram going to blow your data cap this month? Get notified in advance, and stay in control.</p>
</div><!-- /.tile -->

</div><!-- /.tiles -->
